Officials in Australia's state of New South Wales announced a plan earlier this month to protect endangered plants and animals in the state's national parks.
澳大利亚新南威尔士州官员本月宣布了一项计划，以保护该州国家公园中濒临灭绝的动植物。
Environment Minister Matt Kean said the plan is to help fight against, what he called, the worst extinction rate of mammals in the world.
环境部长马特・基恩表示，该计划是为了帮助对抗他所说的全球最严重的哺乳动物灭绝率。

Animals such as Koalas, rock wallabies and a rare tree called the nightcap oak are some of the species to be protected. The effort is being called the state's zero extinction plan.
考拉和岩袋鼠之类的动物，以及一种名为睡帽橡树的稀有树木是需要得到保护的物种。这项措施被称为该州的零灭绝计划。

More than 90 endangered species at risk from pests, wildfires and climate change will be given greater legal protection. There are new rules related to birds, frogs and reptiles and rare trees, including the dwarf mountain pine.
90多种面临虫害、野火和气候变化风险的濒危物种将获得更大的法律保护。目前出台了关于鸟类、青蛙、爬行动物和包括矮山松在内的稀有树木的新规定。

The plan includes a number of areas where meat-eating animals will not be permitted. Officials will be able to make conservation and fire-supervision plans to protect plants and animals. For some species there is little time to waste. Some population groups of the brush-tailed rock wallaby in Warrumbungle National Park have fallen to just 10 animals.
该计划包括一些禁止肉食动物的区域。官员就能制定保护和消防监督方案以保护动植物。对于某些物种来说已经几乎没有时间可以浪费。沃伦堡国家公园的一些帚尾岩袋鼠种群数量已经下降到只有10只。

Environmental groups have largely welcomed the zero extinction plan.
环保组织在很大程度上欢迎这项零灭绝计划。

Rachel Lowry heads the Australian office of the World Wildlife Fund, an international environmental group. She said the New South Wales plan is the kind of plan needed to fight against plant and animal extinctions. "Now, I would love to see that being drawn actually for the whole nation, and not just for species in protected areas and in this case species in protected areas in New South Wales only," she added.
雷切尔・洛瑞是国际环保组织世界自然基金会澳大利亚办事处的负责人。她说，新南威尔士州的这项计划是与动植物灭绝作斗争所需的那种计划。她还表示：“现在我很想看到这项计划实际上是面向整个国家制定，而不仅仅是针对保护区内的物种。在这个案例中，是仅针对新南威尔士州保护区内的物种。”

Officials in New South Wales have warned that one million species around the world face extinction in the near future.
新南威尔士州官员警告说，在不久的将来全球将会有一百万种物种面临灭绝。

I'm Jonathan Evans.
我是乔纳森・埃文斯。(51VOA.COM原创翻译，请勿转载，违者必究！)
